---
title: First Blog - Introduction 
date: 2020-07-17 14:33
author: Vikas Srivastava
category: [Personal, Self]
tags: [Personal]
summary: This is my first blogs on github blogs
---


Hello Everyone,

This is my first blog on GitHub as it was pending since long, earlier I was writing on different micro blogging sites like WordPress/spot blog etc since thing are changing, and we also need to change along with time, So here I am :)


### **Work Experience**

I have been working in technology since 2010. It's been a decade since I joined the professional life and it seems great to see what I am doing. I started my career with small company as freelancer. I was happy as it was *2008* `(Evil year for software industry specially)` and I had a job but not for long soon I also got fired. Now again I started my career with **TechM**.


### **Bigdata and Bigdatum**

So Bigdata, It is an Interesting story, It all started around starting of 2010 when I joined **One97** `(parent company of paytm)` that is where I got chance to work on bigdata I didn't know what it is and what it's going to be in the future, whenever my friends ask me what do I do, I try to tell them that I work on **Hadoop** They always ask me again what it is :). So that's how I started my career in bigdata and worked for One97 for almost two and half year.  

By 2012 mid I got good experience in bigdata and got a chance to work for **TCS**. Tcs being the service based company I thought get some experience on process flow and consulting. Got Apple as a client and become team lead in bigdata offshore team, tried my hands on multiple tools and big cluster like 2000+. Working in tcs gave me good command on bigdata and confidence to work on any big project. I wanted to relocate to *USA* but it wasn't that easy i have applied H1B for 3 straight year but didn't get lucky. So now it was time to look for new opportunities and other clients.

I joined **HCL** and started working for big media client of US. Designation got change so as work, now started working as technical lead and taking care of **Data Engineering** and well as **Bigdata Administration**. Started learning python, java and new tools by this time its already 2016 march, Life took turn and I relocated to **Singapore** as Data engineer.

These were the days when i started working on **Bigdatum** (my own company) and taking consulting work either individual `contributor` or as `Corporate Trainer` and started delivering training to corporate, just to name few are Accenture Noida/Kolkata, DST Hydrabad etc

### **Life in Singapore/SCB**
I started working for **SCB** in Sinagpore as Data Engineer. It was totally a new experience for me, I got chance to know different domain, new tools and lots of `Data Pipeline` and `Automation`. After working around two and half year, I had to come back to India and i was looking for some company in India specially in Bangalore. Somehow I got `Hortonworks` one of the best company who deals in bigdata and without delay I joined Hortonworks in Bangalore.

### **Bangalore and Merger**
As soon I joined hortonworks, I heard its getting merge with cloudera another big company from bigdata domain. I was happy that now I will be part of cloudera as well ;). I started as `Senior Consultant 1` and becoz `Senior Consultant` with in a year (due to merger :)). Work Culture in `Hwx/cldr` is totally different from SCB and I started liking it here. I got chance to work with World's biggest Wholesale company for around a year and have learned so many new things and got chance to work on latest technology. 